Who says he can't take revenge?
Where are you?
I'm a good friend of Mr. Shen
Guo Canghai of Jiangnan General Chamber of Commerce
You are what the royal family fears
The big man behind my grandfather
Apparition
I just found out about your Achilles' heel
Take this step
Mr. Shen
Who killed him?
Ask the Angel
Four major consortia
For the president of the Chamber of Commerce
old friend
Did I hurt you?
Now that the shilling is gone
That would be the job.
It's up to the crows.
He didn't deserve to have been in prison.
He's a scumbag.
But I just heard
Mr. Shen will believe his crime
This day is just
We all saw it with our own eyes in the Shen family.
Sure it's not a pavilion
Infinite brave